# Supplementary Figure 1
Supplementary Figure 1. Auditory ERPs for time windows selection. The average of the ERPs generated for all the trials independently of the complexity, dyad ending, and previous trial type factors were displayed for each recorded electrode, showing the whole epoch post-S4 onset (starting from 900ms post-S1). The baseline was located before the S1 onset (from -100 to 0ms). The gray labelled areas indicate the time window in which the main effects of the S4 on the psychophysiological activity are present, independently of the experimental condition. These latencies correspond to the analyzed time windows for P1 (from 40 to 70ms post-S4), late N1 (from 100 to 200ms post-S4), and PINV (from 1200 to 2900ms post-S1) components. The ERPs showing a negative voltage correspond to the electrodes located in frontocentral areas, whilst the positive amplitude is shown by those electrodes located on posterior areas (temporal, parietal, and occipital).

The ERPs average of the activity recorded in all analyzed electrodes and for the whole recording was displayed in Supplementary Figure 1. The objective was to make an ERPs component and time window selection based on the observable psychophysiological effects that auditory stimulation induces, without any selection bias for electrodes, time windows, or conditions (complexity, dyad ending, and previous trial type). The displayed ERPs correspond to the whole period analyzed after the S4 onset.

Note that the P1  was not analyzed or discussed in the manuscript because the linear mixed model analysis computed for this component did not show any significant result.
